Overview
This repository is dedicated to the development and storage of Google Apps Scripts and JavaScript chart implementations. It serves as a collaborative platform for developers and data analysts to share, enhance, and document their scripts and visualizations. The primary focus is to facilitate efficient data manipulation and graphical representation using Google Apps Script, JavaScript, and relevant charting libraries.

Repository Structure
The repository is organized into distinct directories, each serving a specific purpose:

/apps-scripts: This directory contains various Google Apps Scripts designed to automate tasks within Google Workspace applications such as Google Sheets, Docs, and Drive. Each script is modular and includes detailed comments to facilitate understanding and modification.

/javascript-charts: This directory houses JavaScript code snippets and examples demonstrating the integration of charting libraries such as Chart.js, D3.js, and Google Charts. Each example showcases different types of charts, including line charts, bar charts, pie charts, and more, along with explanations of how to customize and implement them.

Getting Started
To utilize the scripts and charts within this repository, follow these steps:

Clone the Repository:

bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/your-username/repository-name.git
Explore the Directory Structure: Navigate through the /apps-scripts and /javascript-charts directories to familiarize yourself with the available scripts and examples.

Set Up Google Apps Scripts:

Open Google Sheets or any applicable Google Workspace application.
Navigate to Extensions > Apps Script.
Copy and paste the desired script from the /apps-scripts directory into the Apps Script editor.
Implement JavaScript Charts:

Include the necessary charting library in your HTML file or Google Apps Script project.
Follow the examples in the /javascript-charts directory to create and customize your charts.
Usage Guidelines
Contributions: Contributions are welcome and encouraged. Please adhere to the established coding standards and ensure that any new scripts or chart examples are accompanied by comprehensive documentation.

Issues and Support: For any issues encountered while using the scripts or charts, please submit an issue through the GitHub issue tracker. Provide detailed information to facilitate resolution.

License
This repository is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for more details.
